README.md, before:

# eigen-lua
A wrapper around parts of the Eigen numerical library

In particular, this binding targets [Eigen 3.3](http://eigen.tuxfamily.org/index.php?title=Main_Page). It is
_very_ much a work in progress, though the (incomplete) [docs](https://ggcrunchy.github.io/corona-plugin-docs/DOCS/eigen/api.html)
give some idea of the direction it's taking. Many solvers are mostly fleshed out, views are still being worked on,
and various block expressions and the like are probably up next. A few utilities for loading matrices from memory and
mapping memory blobs are in the idea phase.

Currently I've only tackled Windows. This project is meant first and foremost to be a [Corona SDK](https://coronalabs.com)
plugin, however, so several more platforms should be forthcoming.

That said, with a little effort the support libraries could be swapped out on other platforms. (This is what the
submodules provide.)

**Eigen::Map** seems to significantly complicate things (ramping up compilation times and then, to add insult to
injury, failing at the very end when one has multiple types), so there are separate projects for "all types, no
maps" along with individual types + maps (actually, this seems to fail with an ICE, at least on the VS2013), along
with another one for the "core" interface.

A small ["cachestack" module](https://gist.github.com/ggcrunchy/1a653cc1e4555baba7991bfa06bb6a85) goes with it,
with the aim of recycling matrices in heavy-duty scenarios where a lot of temporaries are made.

For now, development is being done elsewhere, but the idea is to snapshot it here every now and then.

Commit message:

Broke complex_dependent up into real_ops and unary_view
Renamed non_int to solver_ops (mostly accurate aside from a few extra methods)

Common merged into matrix

Furthermore, bool_matrix (err, should remove that) merged in as well, and now doing specialization there

Bool matrices in general try to use any matrix methods that make sense

Fair amount of cleanup for triangular views (still need to do same for self-adjoint)

Heavy revision of type data, including much that builds on top of parallel cachestack improvements

Minor progress on vectors (probably some major revision upcoming)

Vectorwise overhaul, now fairly Eigen-like

README.md, after:

# eigen-lua
A wrapper around parts of the Eigen numerical library

In particular, this binding targets [Eigen 3.3](http://eigen.tuxfamily.org/index.php?title=Main_Page). It is
_very_ much a work in progress, though the (incomplete) [docs](https://ggcrunchy.github.io/corona-plugin-docs/DOCS/eigen/api.html)
give some idea of the direction it's taking. Many solvers are mostly fleshed out, with views, block expressions,
and the like being still underway.

Currently I've only tackled Windows. This project is meant first and foremost to be a [Corona SDK](https://coronalabs.com)
plugin, however, so several more platforms should be forthcoming.

That said, with a little effort the relevant bits could be carved out of the support submodules and retargeted
at other platforms.

**Eigen::Map** seems to significantly complicate things (ramping up compilation times; to add insult to injury,
compilation errors seem to wait about twenty minutes to show up!), so there are separate projects for most scalar
types, along with compile-time options to include maps and strided maps. At the moment, boolean matrices are part
of the "core" module, though maybe this will change now that they're fairly fleshed out in their own right.

A small ["CacheStack" module](https://gist.github.com/ggcrunchy/1a653cc1e4555baba7991bfa06bb6a85) goes with this,
with the aim of recycling Lua-side object wrappers in heavy-duty scenarios where lots of temporaries are made.

For now, development is being done elsewhere, but the idea is to snapshot it here every now and then.
